# DRTtools

We are pleased to introduce the DRTtools, a free Matlab toolbox for computing distribution relaxation times (DRT) from electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) data. 

What is the DRTtools? Why would I want it?

DRTtools is a Matlab toolbox which analyzes EIS data via DRT. DRTtools features:

-an intuitive GUI for computing DRT based on Tikhonov regularization

-a wide variety of options for optimizing the estimation of DRT

Hopefully, by now you are inclined to think that this toolbox may actually be useful to you for the interpretation of your EIS data via DRT. If you are interested, you'll find a detailed explanation of the toolbox's capabilities it in the user's guide, and in the references below.

# **Distribution and Release Information**

DRTtools is freely available under the MIT license from this site.

# **System requirements**

To install and run the DRTtools, you need:

Matlab 7.12 or above
Optimization toolbox of Matlab
The DRTtools toolbox was tested and implemented on a Windows-based machine. 

Detailed installation instructions are available in the DRT toolbox user's guide (also included with the standard distribution).

# **How to cite this work?**

**[1] T.H. Wan, M. Saccoccio, C. Chen, F. Ciucci, Influence of the Discretization Methods on the Distribution of Relaxation Times Deconvolution: Implementing Radial Basis Functions with DRTtools, Electrochimica Acta, 184 (2015) 483-499.**

Link: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.electacta.2015.09.097

if you are presenting the credibility interval generated by the DRTtools in any academic works, you should cite the following reference also:

**[2] M.B. Effat, F. Ciucci, Bayesian and Hierarchical Bayesian Based Regularization for Deconvolving the Distribution of Relaxation Times from Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy Data, Electrochimica Acta, 247 (2017) 1117-1129.**

Link: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.electacta.2017.07.050

**[3] F. Ciucci, C. Chen, Analysis of Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy Data Using the Distribution of Relaxation Times: A Bayesian and Hierarchical Bayesian Approach, Electrochimica Acta, 167 (2015) 439-454.**

Link: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.electacta.2015.03.123


# **How to get support?**

Just write to mefrank@ust.hk
